Today you learned about securing rest APIs using springs security.
We covered security basics like authentication and authorization.
Authentication is about validating the identity of a client,
that is attempting to call a web service that accesses your secure data.
Authorization is the next step after authentication.
So once the client is authenticated,
they have proven who they are,
what do they have access to?
Next, you learned about basic off as a way to protect your APIs.
Lastly, we integrated spring security into
a rest API to allow only authorized users to retrieve data from it.
Next, we will learn about consuming
an existing soap web service or rest API in your existing application.